[Outreachy]: Added blog post (#42)
Open-Science-Community-Saudi-Arabia/OSCSA-en-blog: posts/Sandy-intro/index.qmd

---

> title: "Hello Outreachy!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Hello Outreachy Winter 2023!"
```

author:
  - name: Goodnews Sandy 
    url: https://goodnewssandy.netlify.app/
date: "2022-12-06"
categories: [outreachy]
description: |
 I am excited to be contributing to the Open Science Community Saudi Arabia (OSCSA) as an outreachy intern. I will be sharing a brief intro about me.
license: "CC BY"
toc-title: Table of contents
toc-location: left
image: outreachy-image.png
citation:
  url: https://oscsa-en-blog.netlify.app/posts/Sandy_intro
---
::: column-page
![](outreachy-image.png){fig-align="center"}
:::

>  My name is Goodnews Sandy, i am a frontend developer and a technical writer.  I enjoy building web-based applications that leaves lasting impression on users using various frontend technologies.  i love contributing to open source. My hobbies: sports and reading 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 My name is Goodnews Sandy, i am a frontend developer and a technical writer.  I enjoy building web-based applications that leaves lasting impression on users using various frontend technologies.  I love contributing to open source. My hobbies: sports and reading.
```

>  My name is Goodnews Sandy, i am a frontend developer and a technical writer.  I enjoy building web-based applications that leaves lasting impression on users using various frontend technologies.  i love contributing to open source. My hobbies: sports and reading 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 My name is Goodnews Sandy, I am a frontend developer and a technical writer.  I enjoy building web-based applications that leave a lasting impressions on users using various frontend technologies.  I love contributing to open source. My hobbies: sports and reading. 
```

> I am contributing to the OSCSA Community through outreachy internship  and  i am excited about the things i will be learning in the community. i believe the knowledge from this experience would be an added value to my skillset and career progression in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am contributing to the Open Science Community Saudi Arabia (OSCSA) through [outreachy internship](https://www.outreachy.org/), and  I am excited about the things I will be learning in the community. I believe the knowledge from this experience would be an added value to my skill set and career progression in general.
```
